# Contributing to go-secure-stdlib

Thank you for contributing! Here you can find common questions around reporting
issues and opening pull requests to our project.

Please note that these modules are all actively used in multiple
projects/products.  Please ensure that engineering leads from affected
projects/products are aware of proposed changes and given a chance to review
them. 

When contributing in any way to the project (new issue, PR, etc), please be
aware that our team identifies with many gender pronouns. Please remember to use
nonbinary pronouns (they/them) and gender neutral language ("Hello folks") when
addressing our team. For more reading on our code of conduct, please see the
[HashiCorp community
guidelines](https://www.hashicorp.com/community-guidelines).  

## Issue Reporting
### Reporting Security Related Vulnerabilities

We take security and our users' trust very seriously. If you believe you have
found a security issue, please responsibly disclose by contacting us at
security@hashicorp.com. Do not open an issue on our GitHub issue tracker if you
believe you've found a security related issue, thank you!

### Bug Fixes

If you believe you found a bug, please:

1. Build from the latest `main` HEAD commit to attempt to reproduce the issue.
   It's possible we've already fixed the bug, and this is a first good step to
   ensuring that's not the case. 
1. Ensure a similar ticket is not already opened by searching our opened issues
   on GitHub. 


Once you've verified the above, feel free to open a bug fix issue template type
from our [issue
selector](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-secure-stdlib/issues/new/choose) and
we'll do our best to triage it as quickly as possible. 

## Pull Requests

### New Features & Improvements

Before writing a line of code, please ask us about a potential improvement or
feature that you want to write. We may  already be working on it; even if we
aren't, we need to ensure that both the feature and its proposed implementation
is aligned with our road map, vision, and standards for the project. We're happy
to help walk through that via a [feature request
issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-secure-stdlib/issues/new/choose).

### Submitting a New Pull Request

When submitting a pull request, please ensure:

1. You've added a changelog line clearly describing the new addition under the
   correct changelog sub-section. 
2. You've followed the above guidelines for contributing.

Once you open your PR, our auto-labeling will add labels to help us triage and
prioritize your contribution. Please allow us a couple of days to comment,
request changes, or approve your PR. Thank you  for your contribution!

## Testing

You can run the GitHub actions locally using
[act](https://github.com/nektos/act).  

